[Docs] Add Web UI reference page with section on active sessions (#22428)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/includes/participant-modes.mdx

> - `observer`: Allows you to watch the session. You can view output but cannot control the session in any way nor send any input.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `observer`: Allows read-only access to the session. You can view output but cannot control the session in any way nor send any input.
```
